The order cancelled.
Listener is looking fantastic.
Now to wrap up our ticket service, just a couple more little steps.
First off, we have created two listeners now, so order cancelled and order created.
But at no point in time do we actually start listening for incoming events.
In other words, in the actual application itself, not in the test environment, do we ever create
an instance, the listener, and tell it to start listening?
You might recall that back inside of our order service we wired all that stuff up inside of our index
file.
So we're going to do that here once again, back inside my index file at the very top, I'm going to
import our two listeners.
So order.
Created listener.
From events listeners order created.
I will also get my.
Order a cancel listener.
From Events.
Listener's Order Cancel listener Wow.
Those are really long import statements.
Now we're going to create an instance of both these and pass in the Nats wrapper client to both them.
So I'll scroll down a little bit.
Right after all of our Nats connection stuff.
We will throw in a new order created listener.
We'll pass in at nats repr client and remember just creating an instance is not enough.
We've also got on there the listen method and it's the listen function that actually tells the listener
to start listening for incoming events.
So we need to make sure we call listen on the very end.
Well then repeat that for order cancelled.
Listener.
That's right.
For a client.
He looks good.
All right.
There's just one last, very small task we have to take care of inside of our ticket service.
So we've now got this entire ability through these two listeners to somehow lock down a ticket and then
unlock it later on.
But at no point do we actually implement any logic to prevent a user from editing a ticket that is currently
locked down.
So this should be a very simple and simple change inside of our router file for the update route.
We're just going to make sure that if a ticket is locked down, we're going to tell a user, sorry,
you can't update this thing.
It should be pretty easy and straightforward, but I would like to write a test around it as well.
So let's take a shot at this in just a moment.